;; -*- mode: emacs-lisp -*-

(defun dotspacemacs/layers ()
  "Configuration Layers declaration.
You should not put any user code in this function besides modifying the variable
values."
  (setq-default
   dotspacemacs-distribution 'spacemacs
   dotspacemacs-enable-lazy-installation 'unused
   dotspacemacs-ask-for-lazy-installation t
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layer-path '()
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layers
   '(
     auto-completion
     bibtex
     c-c++
     chrome
     emacs-lisp
     emoji
     games
     git
     gtags
     haskell
     helm
     latex
     markdown
     org
     python
     ranger
     (shell :variables shell-default-height 30 shell-default-position 'bottom)
     evil-snipe
     spell-checking
     syntax-checking
     )
   dotspacemacs-additional-packages
   '(
     org-ref
     )
   dotspacemacs-frozen-packages '()
   dotspacemacs-excluded-packages '()
   dotspacemacs-install-packages 'used-only))

(defun dotspacemacs/init ()
  "Initialization function.
This function is called at the very startup of Spacemacs initialization
before layers configuration.
You should not put any user code in there besides modifying the variable
values."
  (setq-default
   dotspacemacs-elpa-https t
   dotspacemacs-elpa-timeout 5
   dotspacemacs-check-for-update t
   dotspacemacs-elpa-subdirectory nil
   dotspacemacs-editing-style 'vim
   dotspacemacs-verbose-loading nil
   dotspacemacs-startup-banner 'official
   dotspacemacs-startup-lists '((recents . 5)
                                (projects . 7))
   dotspacemacs-startup-buffer-responsive t
   dotspacemacs-scratch-mode 'text-mode
   dotspacemacs-themes '(
                         monokai
                         sanityinc-solarized-dark
                         light-soap
                         dichromacy
                        )
   dotspacemacs-colorize-cursor-according-to-state t
   dotspacemacs-default-font '("Source Code Pro"
                               :size 13
                               :weight normal
                               :width normal
                               :powerline-scale 1.1)
   dotspacemacs-leader-key "SPC"
   dotspacemacs-emacs-command-key "SPC"
   dotspacemacs-ex-command-key ":"
   dotspacemacs-emacs-leader-key "M-m"
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-leader-key ","
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-emacs-leader-key "C-M-m"
   dotspacemacs-distinguish-gui-tab nil
   dotspacemacs-remap-Y-to-y$ t
   dotspacemacs-retain-visual-state-on-shift t
   dotspacemacs-visual-line-move-text nil
   dotspacemacs-ex-substitute-global nil
   dotspacemacs-default-layout-name "Default"
   dotspacemacs-display-default-layout nil
   dotspacemacs-auto-resume-layouts t
   dotspacemacs-large-file-size 1
   dotspacemacs-auto-save-file-location 'cache
   dotspacemacs-max-rollback-slots 5
   dotspacemacs-helm-resize nil
   dotspacemacs-helm-no-header nil
   dotspacemacs-helm-position 'bottom
   dotspacemacs-helm-use-fuzzy 'always
   dotspacemacs-enable-paste-transient-state t
   dotspacemacs-which-key-delay 0.8
   dotspacemacs-which-key-position 'bottom
   dotspacemacs-loading-progress-bar t
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup nil
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-use-non-native nil
   dotspacemacs-maximized-at-startup t
   dotspacemacs-active-transparency 90
   dotspacemacs-inactive-transparency 90
   dotspacemacs-show-transient-state-title t
   dotspacemacs-show-transient-state-color-guide t
   dotspacemacs-mode-line-unicode-symbols t
   dotspacemacs-smooth-scrolling t
   dotspacemacs-line-numbers 'relative
   dotspacemacs-folding-method 'origami
   dotspacemacs-smartparens-strict-mode nil
   dotspacemacs-smart-closing-parenthesis nil
   dotspacemacs-highlight-delimiters 'all
   dotspacemacs-persistent-server nil
   dotspacemacs-search-tools '("ag" "pt" "ack" "grep")
   dotspacemacs-default-package-repository nil
   dotspacemacs-whitespace-cleanup 'trailing
   ))

(defun dotspacemacs/user-init ()
  "Initialization function for user code.
It is called immediately after `dotspacemacs/init', before layer configuration
executes.
 This function is mostly useful for variables that need to be set
before packages are loaded. If you are unsure, you should try in setting them in
`dotspacemacs/user-config' first."
  )

(defun dotspacemacs/user-config ()
  "Configuration function for user code.
This function is called at the very end of Spacemacs initialization after
layers configuration.
This is the place where most of your configurations should be done. Unless it is
explicitly specified that a variable should be set before a package is loaded,
you should place your code here."
  ;; Isolate kill ring
  (setq interprogram-cut-function nil)
  (setq interprogram-paste-function nil)
  ;; change mode line separators
  (setq powerline-default-separator 'bar)
  )

;; Do not write anything past this comment. This is where Emacs will
;; auto-generate custom variable definitions.
(custom-set-variables
 ;; custom-set-variables was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(ansi-color-names-vector
   ["#0a0814" "#f2241f" "#67b11d" "#b1951d" "#4f97d7" "#a31db1" "#28def0" "#b2b2b2"])
 '(package-selected-packages
   (quote
    (xterm-color shell-pop org-ref pdf-tools key-chord ivy tablist multi-term mmm-mode markdown-toc intero hlint-refactor hindent helm-hoogle helm-gtags helm-bibtex parsebib haskell-snippets gmail-message-mode ham-mode markdown-mode html-to-markdown gh-md ggtags flymd flycheck-haskell evil-snipe eshell-z eshell-prompt-extras esh-help edit-server disaster company-ghci company-ghc ghc haskell-mode company-cabal company-c-headers company-auctex cmm-mode cmake-mode clang-format biblio biblio-core auctex-latexmk auctex ranger typit mmt sudoku pacmacs emoji-cheat-sheet-plus company-emoji 2048-game yapfify pyvenv pytest pyenv-mode py-isort pip-requirements live-py-mode hy-mode dash-functional helm-pydoc cython-mode company-anaconda anaconda-mode pythonic origami smeargle orgit org-projectile org-category-capture org-present org-pomodoro alert log4e gntp org-mime org-download magit-gitflow htmlize helm-gitignore helm-company helm-c-yasnippet gnuplot gitignore-mode gitconfig-mode gitattributes-mode git-timemachine git-messenger git-link fuzzy flyspell-correct-helm flyspell-correct flycheck-pos-tip pos-tip flycheck evil-magit magit magit-popup git-commit ghub treepy graphql with-editor company-statistics company auto-yasnippet yasnippet auto-dictionary ac-ispell auto-complete ws-butler winum which-key volatile-highlights vi-tilde-fringe uuidgen use-package toc-org spaceline powerline restart-emacs request rainbow-delimiters popwin persp-mode pcre2el paradox spinner org-plus-contrib org-bullets open-junk-file neotree move-text macrostep lorem-ipsum linum-relative link-hint indent-guide hydra hungry-delete hl-todo highlight-parentheses highlight-numbers parent-mode highlight-indentation helm-themes helm-swoop helm-projectile helm-mode-manager helm-make projectile pkg-info epl helm-flx helm-descbinds helm-ag google-translate golden-ratio flx-ido flx fill-column-indicator fancy-battery eyebrowse expand-region exec-path-from-shell evil-visualstar evil-visual-mark-mode evil-unimpaired evil-tutor evil-surround evil-search-highlight-persist evil-numbers evil-nerd-commenter evil-mc evil-matchit evil-lisp-state smartparens evil-indent-plus evil-iedit-state iedit evil-exchange evil-escape evil-ediff evil-args evil-anzu anzu evil goto-chg undo-tree eval-sexp-fu highlight elisp-slime-nav dumb-jump f dash s diminish define-word column-enforce-mode clean-aindent-mode bind-map bind-key auto-highlight-symbol auto-compile packed aggressive-indent adaptive-wrap ace-window ace-link ace-jump-helm-line helm avy helm-core popup async))))
(custom-set-faces
 ;; custom-set-faces was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 )
